PLAT-11769 adding welcome template styles inside the code file (#914)
crowdbotics/modules: docs/scaffold-checklist.md

- `yarn run semver` check passes

> **Important!** Make your new version available in the upgrade tool (npx crowdbotics/modules) by updating [config.js](/config.js) to include a new `config.upgrade.versions` and then run:
> in order to bump the version, we need to modify `package.json` at `scaffold/package.json` and `.crowdbotics.json` at `scaffold/template/custom/.crowdbotics.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important!** Increase the version of the scaffold in [package.json](/scaffold/package.json) and [.crowdbotics.json](/scaffold/template/custom/.crowdbotics.json).

Make this new version available in the upgrade tool (npx crowdbotics/modules) by updating [config.js](/config.js) to include a new `config.upgrade.versions` and then finally run:
```
Suggestion: Move the package.json sentence to go above (since users have to do that first) and also so that the `run:` part is followed up by the command.
